Changelog 2024: DM-3475 Device Management - Empty Software Packages since 10.18 upgrade (#1971)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-2024-Remove-migration-mechanism.md

---
date:

> title: Software packages in c8y_InstalledSoftwareList are no longer emptied after resubscription of the ASM microservice  

Reviewer: Yes c8y_InstalledSoftwareList isn't a fragment that exists and ASM should not be used.
```suggestion
title: Installed software packages are no longer emptied after restart of the Advanced software management microservice  
```
